[Magic WAN] Added traffic steering and tunnel & encapsulation info (#3956)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-wan/how-to/configure-static-routes.md

# Configure static routes

Magic WAN uses a static configuration to route your traffic through [Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) tunnels](/magic-wan/about/tunnels-and-encapsulation/) from Cloudflare’s edge to your locations.

You must assign a route priority to each Anycast GRE or IPsec tunnel–subnet pair in your GRE configuration, as follows:

- Lower values have greater priority.
- When the priority values for prefix entries match — as illustrated by the 10.10.10.102/31 subnet in the example routing configuration (in bold) — Cloudflare uses equal-cost multi-path (ECMP) packet forwarding to route traffic.

> For more on how Cloudflare uses ECMP packet forwarding, see [Traffic steering](/magic-wan/about/traffic-steering/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more on how Cloudflare uses ECMP packet forwarding, refer to [Traffic steering](/magic-wan/about/traffic-steering/).
```
